README.md, before:

<img src="header.jpg" width="100%">

<h3 align="center"> Hi there, I'm Alex (he/him) :wave:</h3>

* Contact: me@alexkio.com
* Portfolio: [https://terminal.turing.edu/alumni/581-alex-kio](https://terminal.turing.edu/alumni/581-alex-kio)
* LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/alexkio](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexkio/)
* [Turing School of Software and Design's](https://turing.io/) Frontend Engineering alumnus

#### About Me
- I am an avid [cyclist](https://bikerumor.com/2019/05/28/bikerumor-pic-of-the-day-riffrafting-on-the-santa-fe-river-florida/) and aspirational [frame builder](https://willadean.com/)
- Lover of cats, backpacking and riding bikes up mountains

#### Projects
- Currently working on a full stack application that mimics code wars but specifically for students at Turing’s School of Software and Design
- Continuing to refactor a previous project that determines the suitable hours for a user to go outside based on previously selected weather thresholds
- Plan on building an open source ipsum lorem generator. I'll tell you more about it when it's further along


#### I'm Currently Learning
- Next/Nuxt
- Node.js/Express/MongoDB
- Redux/Context
- Go

#### Profeciencies
 <table align="center">
    <tr>
        <td>JavaScript</td>
        <td>HTML5</td>
        <td>Sass</td>
        <td>React</td>
        <td>Router</td> 
        <td>NPM</td>
        <td>Express</td>
        <td>Cypress</td>
        <td>Mocha</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/jslogo.png" alt="javascript" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/html5.png" alt="HTML" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/sass.png" alt="Sass" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/react.png" alt="react" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73092355/119361186-9d808b80-bc68-11eb-97ee-05bde2700716.png" alt="router" width="50" height="auto" /></td> 
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/npm.png" alt="NPM" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/express.png" alt="Express" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73092355/119361263-b5f0a600-bc68-11eb-9f41-8e10aa013e7a.png" alt="Cypress" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/mocha.png" alt="Mocha" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
    </tr>
</table>

#### Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=alexmkio&show_icons=true&theme=dracula"/>
</p>

Commit message:

Add to Current Projects section

README.md, after:

<img src="header.jpg" width="100%">

<h3 align="center"> Hi there, I'm Alex (he/him) :wave:</h3>

* Contact: me@alexkio.com
* Portfolio: [https://terminal.turing.edu/alumni/581-alex-kio](https://terminal.turing.edu/alumni/581-alex-kio)
* LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/alexkio](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexkio/)
* [Turing School of Software & Design's](https://turing.io/) Frontend Engineering alum

#### About Me
- I am an avid [cyclist](https://bikerumor.com/2019/05/28/bikerumor-pic-of-the-day-riffrafting-on-the-santa-fe-river-florida/) and aspirational [frame builder](https://willadean.com/)
- Lover of cats, backpacking and riding bikes up mountains

#### Current Projects
- Building a full stack application that mimics code wars but specifically for students at the [Turing School of Software & Design](https://turing.io/)
- Creating a public API that houses information regarding elections in Africa and building a corresponding FE that uses the [D3 library](https://observablehq.com/@d3/gallery) to drive compelling user experiences
- Continuing to refactor a previous project that determines the suitable hours for a user to go outside based on previously selected weather thresholds
- Plan on building an open source ipsum lorem generator. I'll tell you more about it when it's further along

#### I'm Currently Learning
- Next/Nuxt
- Node.js/Express/MongoDB
- Redux/Context
- Go

#### Profeciencies
 <table align="center">
    <tr>
        <td>JavaScript</td>
        <td>HTML5</td>
        <td>Sass</td>
        <td>React</td>
        <td>Router</td> 
        <td>NPM</td>
        <td>Express</td>
        <td>Cypress</td>
        <td>Mocha</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/jslogo.png" alt="javascript" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/html5.png" alt="HTML" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/sass.png" alt="Sass" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/react.png" alt="react" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73092355/119361186-9d808b80-bc68-11eb-97ee-05bde2700716.png" alt="router" width="50" height="auto" /></td> 
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/npm.png" alt="NPM" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/express.png" alt="Express" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73092355/119361263-b5f0a600-bc68-11eb-9f41-8e10aa013e7a.png" alt="Cypress" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
        <td><img src="https://github.com/tkswann2/tech-logos/blob/master/mocha.png" alt="Mocha" width="50" height="auto" /></td>
    </tr>
</table>

#### Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=alexmkio&show_icons=true&theme=dracula"/>
</p>
